# Contents
- Excel
- LaTeX
- Figures
- General
- Itunes
- Proposals / paper summaries
- Python
- Videos

# Excel
    - User parameters = light yellow background
    - Intermediate calculations, section Inputs = light yellow background
    - Fixed Values = light blue background
    - Important outputs = light red background
    - Secondary numbers = Any background, 50% gray text
    - 


## Figures
    - 9 pt bold Sans-serif font
        - Part labels A-Z
    - Lines are 0.01
    - 3.5 in, 5 in, 7.3 in
    - 0.1 inches between subfigures
    - Label ordinate and abscissa with variable & unit in parenthases. E.g., Temperature (K)
    - Capitalize first letter of label only, not every word
    - 300 dpi for initial submission.
    - Prefer 16:9 aspect ratio for clipping photos
    - Move text right x2, down x2 from top-left corner of the corresponding section


## General
    - Variables in Italics or as plain Greek letters
    - Vectors as roman boldface
    - Leading zeros on all decimals (0.5)
    - Initial submission: Single PDF
    - Videos: Quicktime (h264 compression), MPEG, keep short supply caption information with the videos
    - Edit longer sequences into several small pieces with captions specific to each video sequence
    - In paper:
        - One-sentence summary of paper
        - Abstract
        - Definitions of all symbols used
        - Legends for all figures and tables
        - Descriptions of statistical tests
        - All data
        - Complete references
    - Cover letter
        - title and a statement of its main point.
        - Any information needed to ensure a fair review process, including related manuscripts submitted to other journals.
        - Names of colleagues who have reviewed the paper.
        - A statement that none of the material has been published or is under consideration elsewhere, including the Internet.
        - Names, telephone numbers, and email addresses for all authors, including selection of one to be corresponding author.
        - Names, affiliations, and e-mail addresses of five potential referees.
        - Any suggested cover illustrations


# iTunes
    - Stars
        - 5 = lifetime memories
        - 4 = great song
        - 3 = good, listen to occasionally
        - 2 = acceptable, listen to rarely
        - 1 = bad, keep for completeness
        - 0 = terrible -> delete (so there are no zeros remaining eventually)
    - Title (feat. Lil Wayne & Tyga) (Instrumental) by Artist


# LaTeX
    - Blank space preceeding...
        - part = 5 with %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Part name %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
        - chapter = 4 %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Chapter name %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
        - section = 3 with %%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Section name %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
        - subsection = 2 with %%%%%%%%%% Subsection name %%%%%%%%%%
        - Figure = 2
        - paragraph = 1
    - No vspace
    - Prefer base LaTeX packages instead of crazy hacks and custom macros
    - Use BibTex generated by Zotero (will auto-format "\cite" tags)


# Project Proposals / Paper summaries
    - Figure = Triangle w/number
    - Table = square w/number
    - Main idea = circle w/number
    - Assumption = circle w/A[number]
    - Sections
        - Symbols
        - Intro
        - Results
        - Theory
        - Manufacturing
        - Optional addemdums:
            - Hardware projection summary
            - Key stats/specs
            - Risk mitigation / alternative & secondary ideas


# Python 
    - from Google Python Style Guide.
    - http://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html
    - See p37 (and related note below) for naming

    - p1 Detect style errors with "pylint [filename]"
        - use autopep8 to conform to PEP8 autopep8 | --in-place supportFiles\roboticSkin.py
            - See https://github.com/hhatto/autopep8
    - p3 use import statements for packages and modules only, not for individual classes or functions. (Ex: from x import y) Use import y as z only when z is a standard abbreviation (e.g., np for numpy ).
    - Avoid global variables.
        - module-level constants are encouraged (_ALL_CAPS with leading underscore). Double underscores invoke name mangling. 
    - conditional expressions okay if only one line; else use normal if statement. Ex: x = 1 if cond else 2
    - Use properties for accessing or setting data instead of simple accessor or setter methods
        Ex: self.side = side
        modified as an_object.side = new_side
        instead of an_object.set_side(new_side)
    - All empty values are considered false
        - never use == or != to compare singletons like None. Use is or is not
    - p16 use string methods instead of the string module
    - p17 nested functions can refer to variables in enclosing functions, but cannot assign to them
        - variable bindings are resolved using lexical scoping (based on static program text)
    - p20 write for Python 3. If dependencies make that impossible, write in 2.7 and use __future__ imports
        from __future__ import absolute_import
        from __future__ import division
        from __future__ import print_function
    - Maximum line length is 80 characters
        use implicit line joining
        x = ('A very long'
            'line will still be joined')
    - p23 use parentheses sparingly
    - p 24 indent with 4 spaces
    - p25 trailing commas only when the closing container token ], ), or } does not appear on the same liene as the element
    - p26 two blank lines between top-level definitions (functions or classes). One blank line between method definitions and between the class line and the first method. No blank line following the def line
    - Whitespace
        - no whitespace inside parentheses, brackets or braces
        - no whitespace before comma, semicolon, or colon
        - use whitespace after comma, semicolon, or colon
        - No whitespace between the open ( or { or [ that starts an argument list
        - surround binary operators & booleans with single space on either side of assignment
            - = == < > etc.
        - Optional to surround arithmetic operators
        - never use spaces around keyword arguments
        - Don't use spaces to vertically align tokens on consecutive lines
    - p28 Docstrings
        - Use three double-quotes """
        - One summary line terminated by a period, question mark, or exclamation point, followed by a blank line, followed by the rest of the docstring starting at the same cursor position as the first quote of the first line
        - All functions should have a docstring unless it meets all of the following criteria: not externally visible, very short, obvious
        - Descriptive """Fetches rows from a Bigtable.""" rather than imperative """Fetch rows from a Bigtable"""
        - Describe calling syntax and semantics, not implementation
        - For overwriting (and only slightly modifying) a method inherited from its parent, can just have a note like """See base class."""
        - List each parameter by name, followed by a description
        Example:
            def fetch_bigtable_rows(big_table, keys, other_silly_variable=None):
                """Fetches rows from a Bigtable.
                
                Retrieves rows pertaining to the given keys from the Table instance
                represented by big_table. Silly things may happen if
                other_silly_variable is not None.
                
                Args:
                    big_table: An open Bigtable Table instance.
                    keys: A sequence of strings representing the key of each table row
                        to fetch.
                    other_silly_variable: Another optional variable, that has a much
                        longer name than the other args, and which does nothing.
                
                Returns:
                    A dict mapping keys to the corresponding table row data
                    fetched. Each row is represented as a tuple of strings. For
                    example:
                    
                    {'Serak': ('Rigel VII', 'Preparer'),
                     'Zim': ('Irk', 'Invader'),
                     'Lrrr': ('Omicron Persei 8', 'Emperor')}
                    
                    If a key from the keys argument is missing from the dictionary,
                    then that row was not found in the table.
                Raises:
                    IOError: An error occurred accessing the bigtable.Table object.
                """
        - p30 Classes should have a docstring describing the class. Document: public attributes, 
            class SampleClass(object):
                """Summary of class here.
                
                    Longer class information....
                    Longer class information....
                
                    Attributes:
                        likes_spam: A boolean indicating if we like SPAM or not.
                        eggs: An integer count of the eggs we have laid.
                """
                
                def __init__(self, likes_spam=False):
                    """Inits SampleClass with blah."""
                    self.likes_spam = likes_spam
                    self.eggs = 0
                
                def public_method(self):
                    """Performs operation blah."""
    - p31 Comment tricky parts of code. Tricky parts get a few lines. Non-obvious ones get comments at end of line, at least two spaces away from code
    - p32 strings
        - Use % operator for formatting strings
        - When inside loop, append to list and finish by joining. Runs in linear time instead of quadratic
    - Manage files using the “with” statement:
        with open("hello.txt") as hello_file:
            for line in hello_file:
            print(line)
    - p35 imports should be on separate lines
        - Standard library imports
        - third-party modules/packages
        - code repository sub-package imports
    - p36 sort lexicographically (alphabetically) within import blocks 
    - p37 Use public variables instead of accessor files (see p12 above)
        - exception: use accessors/mutators when accessing or setting is complicated
    - ** p37 Naming: **
        - Examples: module_name , package_name , ClassName , method_name , ExceptionName , function_name GLOBAL_CONSTANT_NAME , global_var_name , instance_var_name , function_parameter_name , local_var_name
        - p38 Examples: package_name module_name ClassName ExceptionError function_name GLOBAL_CONSTANT global_variable instance_variable method_name() method_parameter local_variable
        - Function names, variable names, and filenames should be descriptive;
        avoid single character names, dashes, __double_leading_and_trailing_underscore__ names (reserved by Python)
        - Prepend variables with single underscore if it should be protected (local). _protected_class_variable
        - place related classes and top-level functions together in a module
        - Use CapWords for class names, but lower_with_under.py for module names
    - p39 Executable file should have main functionality in main(), so that other files can still import the file as a module
        - always check if __name__ == '__main__' before executing main program
            def main():
                ...
            if __name__ == '__main__':
                main()
    - all code at the top level will be executed when the module is imported
    - if a function is longer than 40 lines, consider breaking it up


# Videos
    - Title slide
        - All text centered
        - Video title: 36 pt
        - Manuscript title: italics 28 pt
        - Authors: Listed & abbreviated as in the published paper, 20 pt. RKB on second line
        - Lasts 5 seconds
    - Captions
        - Main Caption: Arial 36 Rectangular left-align, center-align
        - Secondary caption (speed, "top view", etc.): Arial 24 Rectangular left-align, center-align, (speed in bottom-right of frame)
        - When applicable, 80% opacity white/black background
    - Transitions: "Fade", 1 second
    - Output
        - Prefer 1080 width x 720 height resolution, 60 fps
        - Camtasia output with 30 quality for "small" videos, 50 quality for "HD videos"
        - Video-specific picture (thumbnail)
    - Move logos, videos, text into corners, move up x4, in x4